[Music]
chili con carnage is the spiritual
successor to a Playstation 2 title known
as total overdose he manages to retain
most aspects of the previous game was
added in new features and mechanic so
helps flesh out the experience players
assume the role of a young man known as
RAM who is subjected to the pinning of
his father and vows to track down those
who are responsible it's essentially a
shooter a heart with the game relying
heavily upon a combo system that sees
you chaining kills together in order to
fill a meter which rewards the player in
several ways may not be with an extra
amount of health or even unlocking
additional characters to use in
single-player as well as the multiplayer
mode now there's a whole host of weapons
and power-ups at your disposal to cause
carnage with such as support characters
I can jump in and help you take on a
horde of enemies - being frozen you if
you're looking for something to pass the
time with chili con carnage is an
absolute blast and definitely deserves a
lot Claydon follows the story of a young
girl known as the spinner who possessed
the ability to create her own dimension
but in doing so she unknowingly opened
the way to several others now the story
is nothing to write home about but it
serves the game well and sets the stage
for what Claydon of salsa which is
essentially its gameplay if you're a fan
of roguelikes or other dungeon crawlers
there's a huge set of diverse areas in
which to explore and overcome with each
possessing a multitude of traps
environmental hazards and unique enemies
that will try to hinder your progress
aiding the player is a wide range of
weapons armor and magical abilities that
will help even the odds and make each
dungeon all the more manageable but the
standout mechanically experience has to
be the Magic Circle which allows players
to fully customize the spinner by
merging sub characters with herself
resulting in a variety of abilities and
stat boosts becoming a veil
it's a noodle mechanic and adds a truly
strategic animal to the experience Ren
Goku 2 introduces players to a world
where androids have become the standard
means in which to wage war the game
follows one of these robots who has
managed to attain self consciousness and
as a result has an undying edge to learn
more about itself as well as the
environment that surrounds it now I
won't leave you on the edge of your seat
but it does offer a meaningful narrative
that is definitely worth playing through
gameplay wise is a rather unique setup
with each button on the PSP
corresponding with one of the robot's
limbs which could all be fully
customized with a whole host of diverse
weaponry as well as items that opens up
the experience to many different
playstyles
and this is where half the fun lies
figuring out which set works best for
you will see the gameplay constantly
changing and evolving over the course of
the adventure as vulnerable upgrades
become available to you now it won't be
for everyone but if you're looking for
something that unique and different to
jump into Rango co 2 has got you covered
we're time fun is a collection of quirky
and downright bizarre minigames that is
sure to put a smile on everyone's face
it shares many similarities with the
likes of Wario Ware and boshy boshy
special with each minigame or job as the
gamepad set providing something unique
in which to do range him from chopping
wood Rowen ball and even wrestling there
are intend to try out investing into the
taken part in its job you are awarded a
cash prize by the job Diamond at the end
of each these funds can be accumulated
and spent on more types of jobs to try
out it's a pretty cool system and with
over 40 different minigames in which to
unlock it's bound to people even the
most proficient of players busy for
quite some time if you're looking for
something truly fun in unique as well as
easy to jump into where time fund is the
perfect experience
Nonna's kingdom of paradise in the West
key of heaven is an oriental themed
action RPG that went by largely
unnoticed when he released the narrative
sees five clans vying for power of the
region with players assuming the role of
a man known as Shin boo who is a member
of one of these clans he is tasked with
retrieving several swords from each of
them in order to become a master as you
would expect with most action RPGs
you'll find yourself taken on a range of
enemies acquiring items for exploration
or the economy system as well as
leveling up and upgrading the huge
amount of weapons and armor at your
disposal but when he of heaven truly
shines he's within the fine system
it's surprisingly deep and allows the
player to chain combos together and
learn new strings by combining various
forms of scrolls that are lettered
throughout the environment there are a
10 to find a master P of heaven is
immersed half on the PSP everyone should
play this game is it office of one of
the finest experiences available on the
system topo bot is a free D platformer
that sees the player assuming the role
of a boy known as vault he is tasked
with bringing down an evil robot known
only as zero with the help of his little
toe cobots
now these low robots have the ability to
perform various tasks and actions known
as combinations it sees them joining
together and this aspect is what will
help
Balt fulfill his goal from solving
puzzles taken on enemies and help him
traverse the environment the taco bots
are essential to navigate for reach and
they soon become an integral part to the
overall experience now it's not the
finest 3d platformer on the system by
any means but it still totally deserves
the look
kenka Bancho is truly a unique bitumen
that absolutely loses charm and style is
his players taken up the role of a high
school student who decides to ditch
learning and instead become the biggest
badass in town he's not the only one
with this idea and several of his
students from rival schools are also
after the title the game empowers you
with a range of moves such as punches
kicks and throws to manage the folks
that roam the streets as you take them
out and complete objectives were
rewarded with experience points of money
which can be used to unlock extra moves
as well as a range of cosmetic changes
and items that all help you progress
further through the experience the
environment is surprisingly large with
over 45 different factions in which to
locate and conquer it will surely last
year sometime all-in-all ken kobato is a
solid and attractive addition to the
PSP's library and it totally deserves a
place within the earth monster kingdom
shares many similarities with the likes
of Pokemon and tasks players with
exploring a vibrant world whilst
capturing and nurturing a huge variety
of monsters that aid you in battle
now I receive pre-meds reviews upon its
release for this reason alone a many
just called it a pokemon clone but in my
opinion it offers a competent experience
that manages to add its own take on the
formula and create something memorable
the game is set up into two sections one
be in the world map from which you can
access towns shops and dungeons with
these dungeons making up the second
section which allow the player to
explore each in order to advance the
narrative as well as the cat moon
monsters there's a ton to see and do it
monster came from draw summoner now
would be the perfect time to jump in and
check it out for yourself
Prinny is a rather cute little
platformer Darcys players taping up the
roll a small bird known as printing the
game is set across a wide range of
locations and offers a multitude of
levels in which to traverse and overcome
the main aspect of the experience has to
be as difficulty it's not exactly a walk
in the park and is bound to turn off
some players due to this but if you
stick with it Prinny offers one of the
finest platforming experiences on the
system now as you would expect the
gameplay involves reaching the end of
each level without succumbing to the
variety of enemies that block your
progress to counteract this the player
has a range of abilities in which to
utilize such as the hip hump which is
the primary form of taking out enemies
as well as a sword in which to hack and
slash your way to victory if this one
passed you by it now is the perfect time
to jump in and experience it for
yourself
[Music]
the adventure begins with players
assuming the role of a young prince
known as Pedro after learning of the
fate of his long-lost mother he sets out
on a journey to ultimately find her and
become reunited
now the narrative has to be the standout
aspect of the experience it deals with
overcoming difficulties making friends
and essentially growing up but that's
not all about it that's right the
gameplay also delivers making this one
to remember the entire kingdom is your
playground it is absolutely huge and
home to a wide range of locations as
well as moving fall NPCs the hull flesh
out the backstory but where it truly
shines his within the battling system
that is turn-based in nature and
empowers the player with a whole host of
both magical and physical abilities
there's a ton to learn and unlock for of
the journey and is sure to keep fans of
the genre as well as newcomers alike
completely satisfied
[Music]